feat(curriculum): New steps and tests for expense tracker (#52570)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-lambda-functions-by-building-a-expense-tracker/657e78c3451d69249549ad52.md

---
id: 657e78c3451d69249549ad52
title: Step 5
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

In this step, you will define a new function called `print_expenses`. This function will later be used to display each expense in our list.

> Start by defining a function named `print_expenses` that takes one parameter: `expenses`. At this stage, the body of the function can be left with a pass statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by defining a function named `print_expenses` that takes one parameter: `expenses`. At this stage, you can fill the body of the function with a `pass` statement.
```

# --hints--

> The function name should be exactly `print_expenses`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function name should be `print_expenses`
```

```js
({ test: () => assert.match(code, /def\s+print_expenses\s*\(/) })

```

> The `print_expenses` function should have a parameter named `expenses`
> ```js
> ({ test: () => assert.match(code, /def\s+print_expenses\s*\(\s*expenses\s*\)/) })

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `print_expenses` function should have a parameter named `expenses`

```js
({ test: () => assert.match(code, /def\s+print_expenses\s*\(\s*expenses\s*\)/) })
```
